How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
  - Best method is the constant use of testing. In team projects, the use of static testing such as reviews and constantly planning out everything together makes the final product better than it could ever be. With more then one person able to pick at the code, you get fresh eyes and more chances of spotting bugs or issues early on. For dynamic testing, the creation of tests for a large portion of the porject aids in ensuring that everything is run smoothly. Dynamic testing is accomplished during and after the code has been written whereas static testing focuses on the earlier stages of the development. 
 
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
  - To understand what the user or company needs from the program, the developers, managers, and product owners have to sit down and create the requirements list. This list is used in the development process and is constantly compared to the product. This is the best way to ensure that what the user wants is met and everything that the program should conduct is actually working.
  
How do I approach designing software?
  - Me personnaly, I start by designing checklists or stories for me to interprete during the design process. I try to outline exactly what the program is supposed to do and how it should work. Then, using a checklist or another type of program, I can try to analyze how all the features are to work together and operate. If something feels off or wouldn't make sense, then I would try to repair it prior to starting the coding. 
